Get values of grouped columns (#1908)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/split_apply_combine.md

50
50
```

> To also get the values of the grouped columns along with each group, use the

Reviewer: @nalimilan - you are the master of docstring reviews :), but should we say here "grouped columns" or "grouping columns"? Also maybe we can mention that the values are stored in a `NamedTuple`?

Reviewer 2: Yes, "grouping columns" sounds better. Mentioning `NamedTuple` also sounds like a good idea.

`pairs` function:

```jldoctest sac
julia> for (key, subdf) in pairs(groupby(iris, :Species))

>            println("Number of data points for $(key.Species): $(size(subdf, 1))")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
           println("Number of data points for $(key.Species): $(nrow(subdf))")
```
